[docs] Docs on DeckhouseReleases manifests generated by `dhctl mirror` (#7938)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-FAQ.md

   docker login -u license-token registry.deckhouse.io
   ```

1. Run the Deckhouse installer version 1.58.6 or higher.

   ```shell
   docker run -ti --pull=always -v $(pwd)/d8-images:/tmp/d8-images registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/ee/install:v1.58.6 bash
   ```

>    Note that the directory on the host will be mounted in the installer container. This directory will contain the pulled Deckhouse tarball and generated [DeckhouseReleases](https://deckhouse.io/documentation/v1/modules/002-deckhouse/cr.html#deckhouserelease) manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Note that the directory on the host will be mounted in the installer container. This directory will contain the pulled Deckhouse tarball and generated [DeckhouseReleases](modules/002-deckhouse/cr.html#deckhouserelease) manifests.
```

   > Please note that the images will be uploaded to the registry along the path specified in the `--registry` parameter (in the example above - /deckhouse/ee).
   > Before running the command, make sure this path exists in your registry, and the account you are using has write permissions.

>    If your registry does not require authentication, omit both `--registry-login` and `--registry-password` flags or `DHCTL_CLI_MIRROR_USER`/`DHCTL_CLI_MIRROR_PASS` variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If your registry does not require authentication, you may omit both `--registry-login` and `--registry-password` flags as well as `DHCTL_CLI_MIRROR_USER`/`DHCTL_CLI_MIRROR_PASS` variables.
```

Reviewer 2: "Or" in this case may be interpreted as "omit the variables but specify the flags" or vice versa. What we mean to say is that specifying them is not necessary, right?

Author: Exactly
